---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "t1_compute_volume Resource - terraform-provider-t1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Persistent volume are used for storage data. A volume can be attached or detached from the VM. Each volume can be attached to only one virtual machine at a time.
---

# t1_compute_volume (Resource)

Persistent volume are used for storage data. A volume can be attached or detached from the VM. Each volume can be attached to only one virtual machine at a time.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Volume from standard image
data "t1_compute_image" "centos7" {
  os_distro  = "centos"
  os_version = "7"
}
resource "t1_compute_volume" "test_import" {
  image     = data.t1_compute_image.centos7
  zone      = "ru-central1-a"
  size      = 4
  disk_type = "Light"
}

# Volume from custom image item
data "t1_compute_image" "custom" {
  custom_image_id = "my-custom-image-item-id"
}
resource "t1_compute_volume" "buzz" {
  image = data.t1_compute_image.custom
  zone  = "ru-central1-a"
}

# Voume from snapshot
resource "t1_compute_volume" "bar" {
  snapshot_id = "snapshot_id"
  zone        = "ru-central1-a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone` (String) The availability zone where the volume will be placed.

### Optional

- `attachment` (Attributes) Manages attachment of compute volume to an VM instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachment))
- `disk_type` (String) Type of volume disk (e.g. `Light`, `Basic`). Defaults to `Light`. Changing this will replace resource.
- `image` (Attributes) Used to :
	* fetch data about one of standard cloud images (`Windows Server`, `Ubuntu` etc);
	* fetch data about custom image **item** using `custom_image_id`; (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image))
- `name` (String) Name of the volume. Changing this will replace resource.
- `size` (Number) Size of the persistent volume (specified in GB). If you specify this field along with `image` or `snapshot_id`, the `size` value must be greater than size of source image (at least 1 Gb) or greater or equal than the size of snapshot.
- `snapshot_id` (String) ID of `snapshot` item to create volume from.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the `volume` item.
- `order_id` (String) The order ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--attachment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachment`

Required:

- `instance_id` (String) ID of the `instance` order to attach volume to. Changing this will detach current volume fron current instance and attach to specifed.

Optional:

- `delete_on_termination` (Boolean) Delete the attached volume upon termination of the instance. Default to `false`. Changing this will reattach volume with updated option.


<a id="nestedatt--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image`

Required:

- `id` (String) Image ID.
- `name` (String) Image code name.
- `os_distro` (String) OS distro one of [ubuntu, windows, alt, astra, etc].
- `os_version` (String) Verison of distro OS.
- `size` (Number) Image size (in Gb, rounded to big).

Optional:

- `custom_image_id` (String) ID of custom compute image item.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import t1_compute_volume.example volume-item_id
```
