---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "t1_vpc_vip Resource - terraform-provider-t1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a virtual IP address resource within T1.Cloud VPC.
---

# t1_vpc_vip (Resource)

Manages a virtual IP address resource within T1.Cloud VPC.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "t1_compute_instance" "vm1" {
    # ...
} 

resource "t1_compute_instance" "vm2" {
    # ...
} 

resource "t1_vpc_vip" "foo" {
  region                  = "ru-central1"
  mode                    = "active-active"
  l2_enabled              = true
  internet_access_enabled = true
  subnet_id               = "subnet_id"
  fixed_ip                =  "10.128.0.61"
  network_interface_ids = [ 
    t1_compute_instance.vm1.network_interface.id,
    t1_compute_instance.vm2.network_interface.id,
   ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mode` (String) Mode of distributing requests between servers. Changing this will replace resource.
- `region` (String) Region where this virtual IP will be placed.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of subnet in which to create the virtual IP address. The virtual machine and virtual IP address must be located on the same subnet. Changing this will replace resource.

### Optional

- `fixed_ip` (String) When you enter an IP address, it is checked to see if it is busy and whether it belongs to the selected subnet. If empty, the address will be automatically assigned from the specified subnet.
- `internet_access_enabled` (Boolean) Enable the switch to allow access to the virtual IP address from the Internet. Public IP address is assigned automatically. Default to `false`. Changing this will replace resource.
- `l2_enabled` (Boolean) Enable the switch if you are using Direct Connect over a VxLAN mechanism and the virtual IP address must be accessible from your Direct Connect network. Default to `false`. Changing this will replace resource.
- `name` (String) A name for the virtual IP resource. Changing this will replace resource.
- `network_interface_ids` (List of String) IDs of the network interfaces to which the virtual IP address will be connected.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The order ID of this resource.
